Octane - Replace some references to Computed Properties with Tracked (#805)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/models/relationships.md

of code for very little benefit. An alternate approach is to define
these relationships using an attribute with no transform
(`attr()`). This makes it easy to access readonly values in

> getters and templates without the overhead of defining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other objects and templates without the overhead of defining
```
